Group NAH2 Minutes of Meeting:

GAVIN BAILEY
TYRONE LEE BRAMWELL
CHAK YAN LAM
THOMAS LETHEBY
MATHEW JAMES LLOYD
JAKE DARYL PLUMLEY
CHUN KIT SO
------------------------------------
Date: 17 March 2014
Start time: 14:00
End time: 15:00

Date and Time of next meeting: 18 March 2014, 14:00


Topics discussed:
-- What parts of the code can be changed and if we can reimplement some classes, We have e-mailed our customer (Bob) to clarify on this matter.
-- Discussed which features are missing from the project handed to us by NAH1 group, and discussed how we can add them.
-- Discussed the NAH1 groups hierarchy, and what we thought was wrong with it.
-- Discussed the load and save functions for assignment 5.
 

Progress since last meeting:
-- Finalised the A4 design report and handed it in.
-- All team members have read and understand what is expected for Assignment 5.

TODO (for next meeting):
-- Gavin: Analysis of NAH1 code to find the best way to implement load and save.
-- Tyrone: Analysis of NAH1 code to find the best way to implement further user feedback as required. 
-- Chak: Analysis of NAH1 code to find the best way to implement further user feedback as required. 
-- Thomas: Analysis of NAH1 code to fix problems identified in A4. 
-- Mathew: Analysis of NAH1 code to find the best way to correct the project setup.
-- Jake: Analysis of NAH1 code to fix problems identified in A4.
-- Chun: Analysis of NAH1 code to find the best way to correct the project setup.